#### Cost Optimization for Satellite-Earth Observation
Satellite imagery offers a non-invasive technique to monitor sites on Earth. Publicly available sources of satellite imagery do not offer high enough spatial or temporal coverage to monitor sites for important events such as oil-spills or natural disasters. This leads many researchers and organizations to rely on imagery from commercial satellite image providers. Here, they are faced with a cost versus coverage tradeoff, as monitoring all sites is infeasible via a single provider, and purchasing subscriptions from all providers is prohibitively expensive.

To address this challenge, we propose a novel network-based optimization framework that determines the minimal--cost set of commercial satellite imagery subscriptions required to achieve desired coverage. We model this as a bipartite graph where nodes represent monitoring sites with their temporal requirements and available subscription plans, with edges indicating coverage capabilities. Our solution provides optimal plan selection strategies that minimize costs while ensuring comprehensive monitoring coverage. While this is a NP-Hard combinatorial optimization problem, we use greedy heuristics informed by well-known approximation algorithms for the weighted set cover problem. We find that a greedy algorithm that iteratively selects plans with a minimum ratio of cost-to-degree solves quickly and sustains the minimum cost optimality gap compared to other approaches. We also investigate the tradeoff between coverage and cost by formulating a novel ILP that allows users to compromise on coverage requirements for reductions in cost. 
